To mitigate the possibility of supply chain attacks, the publishing automation for all packages in this repo is managed completely without NPM tokens and API keys. The [github actions workflow](./.github/workflows/release.yml) responsible for building and releasing the packages is directly hooked up to NPM as a [Trusted Publisher](https://docs.npmjs.com/trusted-publishers#how-trusted-publishing-works). Two factor authentication from @lilnasy is required to publish new versions. E-mail is NOT one of the used authentication factors.

Provenance statements are generated every time a package is built and published, viewable on the NPM page. The statements include auditable metadata such as the source commits, the exact workflow description, and logs from the run. Given how provenance is presented in the UI as green check mark, it's important to point out that it is NOT an indication that there is nothing malicious going on. It simply allows you to track the progress of building the source code into the published package you will download.

Additionally, the package manager for this repo, pnpm, is [configured](./pnpm-workspace.yaml#1) to only allow dependencies that have been released for at least 7 days. This is a precaution against installing a compromised dependency before the author or the registry has had the time to identify and unpublish it. Note that this configuration only defends the maintainers and contributors of the packages from supply chain attacks; users of the packages must implement their own defenses.
